Bugs in tools
-------------
1. trayumount - when user remove USB flash without properly removing it in
   this applet,  directory /media/SOMETHING will stay there and it is 
   impossible to mount this disk again unless you remove this directory 
   (as root).
 
2. trayvolume - does not work with synaptics touchpad (I somehow cannot trigger
   propper wheel events, perhaps it produces pgup/pgdn events instead when
   using touchpad)

3. trayweather - location is hardcoded in source (search for LZKZ)

4. traykeymap - detection of current layout currently works only for US 
   and SK layouts

5. appmenugen - for some reason it put audacious in Development category

6. at strart I rut this command:

     setxkbmap -option compose:rwin,grp:switch,grp:alt_shift_toggle us,sk -variant ,qwerty terminate:ctrl_alt_bksp
  
   When I connect second keyboard, I cannot switch layout on it, it stays the same.
   It switch only layout on first keyboard. When I type "setxkbmap us" to switch to
   us, I lost switching altogether. I don't know solution. Probably this (different 
   layout order):

     1. setxkbmap -option compose:rwin,grp:switch,grp:alt_shift_toggle us,sk -variant ,qwerty terminate:ctrl_alt_bksp
     2. setxkbmap -option compose:rwin,grp:switch,grp:alt_shift_toggle sk,us -variant ,qwerty terminate:ctrl_alt_bksp
    
   or completely ignore xorg layout switching and use my own shortcutkey in jwmrc and some 
   `togglelayout` command.


JWM's own bugs
--------------
- on panel, there is 1px outer border so if you move cursor to the corner 
  of the screen and click, nothing will happen because you clicked on that
  border, you have to move 1px inward and then click, very unergonomic!
   
- sometimes no window has focus. Usually when stardict is running
  and is minimized to tray, but it can happen anytime.
   
- occasionally segfault (2-3 times per year)

- jwm very often place windows under top panel, esp. fontforge but others too
  (this bug is still present in latest SVN revision 581 of jwm)

- with same panel height as gnome (25 pixelov) jwm shows 16px icons, gnome was displaying better 22px icons

- If I set "Super_L <number>" for desktop switching, then "Super_L 0" should switch to Desktop #10, now only 9 desktops are supported instead of 10

- iconify using mouse scroll on window border is very confusing and prone to mistakes, at least allow me to turn it of in config file 

